c:\users\pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\Bin\Debug\INCOXIN.dll
c:\users\pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\Bin\Debug\INCOXIN.pdb
c:\users\pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\Bin\Debug\INCOXIN.xap
c:\users\pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\obj\Debug\Introduction.g.i.cs
c:\users\pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\obj\Debug\INCOXIN.g.resources
c:\users\pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\obj\Debug\INCOXIN.dll
c:\users\pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\obj\Debug\INCOXIN.pdb
c:\users\pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\obj\Debug\Continue.g.i.cs
c:\users\pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\obj\Debug\Help.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Pawan\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\obj\Debug\About.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Pawan\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\obj\Debug\Detail.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Pawan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\obj\Debug\Privacy Statement.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Pawan\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\obj\Debug\INCOXIN.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\Pawan\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Pawan\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\INCOXIN\INCOXIN\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
